observation hello, I’m from ukraine, city threads and in russia you are Buryats and a librettist on board, it’s just that the service is going on urgently, the eyes went into roulette with the Ukrainians to talk, because how to explain it correctly so that you don’t think that there is a ruble against the Ukrainian type, so on, just talk, but ask me if the prince has something to ask what to ask how the situation is, let’s get a car to the front here in my city in my city it’s calm, that is, I’m far from the front city clinic 1300 kilometers from Kyiv towards the west you calmly flew a rocket yes a couple of pieces were there she thrashed around the city and tags page in those cities that are on the throne on the 5th floor in ukraine dnepropetrovsk dnieper and it’s called not bro renamed I don’t know exactly where else she is that she is happy that you bomb them not personally we don’t bomb well how are we in your country your armed forces well i don't know me somehow i'm on them triale side and telekom dirt and explain if you went voice t  children
drink lives in ukraine, i.e., an acquaintance
is from ukraine, that is, from lviv, from
kharkov, i still don’t remember the name of the village i do
n’t remember the
village
itself, it’s from ukraine;
the grandparents of the trace
just chat left for the uk and beyond their years,
but look here you are like a military man, what do you
think why russia
started this war against ukraine,
well, how to say it, but this is for the game of
states, that's all, but
look how many losses according to our
side  huge losses from your huge
even more, and so
it’s not a
game, it’s a football game, it’s
like I’m not interested, and
I’ll say something about this policy, so on,
I know that I’m serving him, and now it’s just to
predict as it should be, like paying a debt to the
motherland, as they say not  I know to whom
to repay the debt, nevertheless, to things like
not only give this attack urgently, it
turns out you were called upon for a
stubbornly short life, that is, and
enjoy  to live a life, but
if I’m doing it now, that is, if they
throw you now, for example, to fight in Ukraine,
first
I left, but they heard me suddenly was
ukraine to conscripts, but he was like there
for evacuation, that is,
[music]
if, for example, they decide something
throw conscripts also to ukraine how will
you kill ukrainians
to run and
run
but you lose like that yes it can arrest the
table to shock well why are you going
people physical someone goes
someone kills for it i don’t know
it everyone has their own therapy i
I’m saying that I’m on the neutral side,
types, how do you take this very
seriously, that is, I’m not in the mood for going
to chatroulette right now, where
is it, either, as they say Tom’s crest,
or how is the mask from the Ukrainian side, not
so on, I’m like  to the neutral side,
like, I don’t care, here’s the ball, how long we’ve been
sitting for about 30 minutes, that is, all the time, if you don’t
come in fighting Muscovites bam and so on,
that is, you won’t even if an underwater
person how to get around the deadline  at this one
but look, why do you think
that's why 30 minutes in roulette is so bad for you
all Ukrainians why
someone's house was bombed the cat's
relatives died in a hurry of course
they will be evil of
course well, like I don't intend
to  let’s now talk about cultures ourselves
without any of this, you’re a
[ __ ], just like now our
time, they like to do it
well, look, you get what
you understand, the conscripts called there, but
you, as a citizen of the
Russian Federation, you feel
responsible for yourself as  a citizen for the
fact that your country attacked another
country I
don’t even know what answer and
try the public cousin
Anna and ours attacks on his name, that
is, this government is there the president of the
State Duma they represent
you my friend of all
if they attack Russia, that is, Russia
will be attacked  then of course I’m going to go to war,
like the same attack turns out, well, that
is, there are also yours on my country
new width on the field and protect by
fencing off, that is, those who attack like
this, I’m with us, but it’s good, for example,
Crimea, well, so you think Crimea, whose
well, in fact,
I don’t know exactly how to judge from history, that is, there was
some kind of president for sure  I won’t say, we won’t
remember, because according to the history of the triac, he
stood, I constantly skipped, and also, like,
initially Colin was Russian,
that is, I won’t argue, so the moment is
ours, at that moment I wouldn’t have seen
it all happening with my own eyes there, in
general, to say judging by  history is that there was
some kind of president, that is, he gave
Crimea to Ukraine, that is, but in what year,
like Russia took it, then jumped this
wedge, that is, I don’t know
.  just look, it turns out if we
are looking for sometime in history there we are still from
obscenities Crimea was Turkish we are still winding off
Crimea was a Greek year in Crimea and there were
Germanic tribes and that is why we are
winding off somewhere in some convenient
ninety-first year Ukraine has become
Russia also proclaimed an independent state by
judicial dough in the nineties
within certain boundaries, and
these borders,
let's say there was an agreement, ours all recognize
borders and each other turns out in the
fourteenth year, Russia is
on the topic of Crimea
[laugh] the
topic, if only Ukraine is hitting Russia for a flight
now, yes  but I’ll specifically say
in Russian now I’ll be Grisha bars
heard the warriors before the cottage the people of Kuklin are
now hitting a military warehouse and
defeating the territory of Crimea, which you
consider to be the
territory of Russia, so it turns
out that in your opinion Ukraine has already attacked Russia
in such a way or that Belgora is
shelling there  these
military units are so kursk and so on,
that is, to receive everything very, very much, as
if I were the days of a blade of grass neutral  al you are
never neutral in a war, and either
your country is right or your country is
watercress, so that is, it’s not possible to
know here, you Russians have taken a very
interesting position there, most of the
blades of grass are stubborn, but there are neutral
and they are somehow I’m already
so on if tomorrow  your country
will begin to burn in blast furnaces there,
for example, or in gas chambers, poison
some
people of a certain nationality, so you will also say, well,
how would I be neutral, well, damn, the
community is a
historian when something happened, and so on,
so Russians and Russians
find the courage in yourself find the courage
to admit to yourself so that your country is
doing meanness you can't be neutral
in this so that is when you see
some gopnik on the street
attacking a woman with a knife so you can
say I'm neutral some hd paisia in short
me and  I don’t attack the inter and I’ll pass
by like this, but if this gopnik is your dad and
you love because he is your dad, then
your dad attacked just a woman with a knife
attacked so and you watch your
dad stabs a woman
you think well I'm neutral to I don't think
that dad is righteous not trolling maybe
it's time to say about it
apa stop dad
bandit
you are responsible for the
average country people are dying
channel
industry overestimate the search  vacuum trip 2
donated to help the growth of the channel and the
wider view and subscribe to it there
by itself 2 duo our information
front my hand pelvis forward glory cry